I wonder how many unassuming innocent passers-by saw that advertisement and instantly started having gay thoughts and fetishises... Such a cruel world we live in. My heart goes out to all the victims of the Gay Escalator Incident.
To all the two face haters, have you all considered uninstalling Facebook and boycotting Apple products? Coz both these companies are big supporters of the LGBT community. Come on, if you wanna boycott, must do the full package.
What a disappointment. Singapore still has a long way to go and progress. Still too many close minded people around. What makes loving the opposite sex more "right" and "just" as compared to loving the same sex? I urge as many Singaporeans as possible to stand up for this cause come July 1. Even our first Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew has publicly stated that homosexuality is not a choice and not a lifestyle, one is born with it. And yet in SG so many are still discriminating against them. Horrible.
But police says it was ok. There are lots of shadowy organisations that we have never heard of  sprouting out claiming authority over what we can or cannot do. So why should we listen to them? What weight do they carry? Do they think they have a higher authority than IMDA. MCI or the police?
Freedom to love is an expression lah ! It is as wholesome as "For You, With You, For Singapore" ! Get a life please and stop imposing your hypocritical, hollier than you attitude! To me is telling me to love everyone as a human irregardless of race, language and religion. I have the freedom to love and I am not gay nor does this undermine my family values ! At least I respect and embrace them as part of family. Get a life whoever complains and move on.
Have a look at the countries supporting gay rights and the ones trying to oppress them and then ask yourself which would you rather live in. Don't fall on the wrong side of history. Once upon a time people showed interracial marriages the same disdain some homophobes here are displaying. Homosexuality occurs throughout various living species- homophobia, not so much.
think all must go back in old day where marry and gf or bf must be arrange by parent only  lol ......    supporting the freedom to love ... what wrong with this phrase?  .... nothing to pick , just anyhow use thing to pick hahah
I think public sensitivities need to grow up and not stay retarded. As a regulatory authority, Advertising Standards Authority of Singapore has the responsibility to practice common sense and not pander to the insecurities of certain segments of the public who failed English at the elementary level and are unable to understand what is "supporting the freedom to love".
Can all the self proclaimed moral beings here please also get the gov to shut down the casinos, turf club, nightclubs, bars, brothels, ktvs, online gambling, escort websites...etc...please? Thank you!!! Well not unless you think these are morally acceptable 😂😂😂
ASAS who? "freedom to love" can also mean overcoming the race and age barrier etc..but authorities chose to be that narrow minded
How is "supporting freedom to love" bad for public? How?  You know what affects public sensitivities? By reserving the next presidency to only Malays, that is freaking insensitive!  Did the ASAS do a check on who is affected by reading that banner? And why are they affected? Or are you assuming? And stop talking about family values, when you are discriminating against somebody else's daughter and son, they got no family? Only you have family? Your mother wants you to be happy in life, their mother wants them to be sad in life? Makes no sense..  This is a very dangerous thinking. It is saying because I don't like durian, so you, being my neighbor within 500m radius, cannot have durian too.. there is no inclusiveness at all what so ever, you have your rights as a Singaporean, then what makes them less Singaporean then you?  It is time the whole society come to know what is real. The people walking with us are real, they are just like you and me, having the ability to love to hate to laugh and to cry.  Just because they are block or hidden by some judgmental lots of the stupid part of society, doesn't mean they don't exist!! is time to face the real deal, so quit being some sensitive mimosas.
ASAS is an "advisory council under CASE" which has no legal authority over any shat that'd happened in bad businesses practices and will only "advise" the parties involved in disputes. Suddenly now wanna act moral hero about a banner advertisement.
I don't like how this is going: The way to deal with conservatives are to openly reprimand them with harsh words, name calling and stuffs like that.  I wonder which method used has it worked? I believe this will make our society even more conservatives by making them less willing to share.  Making a point here from the middle ground. Not inciting anything on either sides.
Aside from the dent to LGBT rights (which is both annoying and unfortunate), I also feel bad for ASAS here. The original complainers obviously wanted the whole ad taken down, and it seems like ASAS didn't really want to do anything in the first place. Leaving the ad up while making minor alterations was clearly the middle ground to placate both sides, and even that is gonna be perceived badly by people. Sad.
A advertisement can turn a person who is straight into gay? What a cock comment  Homosexuality has been around among human for thousands of years n also happening in the animal kingdom long b4 human did it Go watch bbc homoexuality in the  animal.kingdom We can ignore it  We can dont  see it or dont talk abt it or dont listen2 it But we can never stop it
People who goes to pink Dot I know include those who are are handicapped, looks way below average due to birth abnormalities, those from mute communities, some with autism, the mainstream homosexuals, transgender, asexuals, people from broken families. People who can't possibly be love due to superficial reasons. They come together to celebrate and looking for love and support from one another. This is what family means.
We are one of the most advanced countries in the world where people are much more educated but our mindset when it comes to "freedom to love" is still set in stone age.
Hope all the liberation choice will not steal, kill or destroy the peace we have, the unity of harmonious interfaith religions, n purity of family love. Erotic love expressed are personal, therefore stop tearing at the edge of our fabric of Peace, such pulling will attracts extremists of Isis, giving them excuses to indoctrinate others which happened yesterday of the arrest. Stop pushing, wear white will push back.
I guess in Spore we are having child birth decrease  (partly)because of all these.Against nature.loving, caring , same sex is not an issue.Procreation is a problem with same sex.If almighty wanted it that way he would have created all man, or all woman.
Come on Watch Dog....what's exactly wrong with you? Are you been deprive of ❤️ and you are feeling emotionally imbalance or in Chinese, you're simply 心里不平衡????
Such a shame that homosexuality is still persecuted across the world. Countries that don't allow the freedom to love are justifiably looked down upon.
Just as straight people must be sensitive to the feelings of LGBT people, LGBT people must also be sensitive to the feelings of those straight people who are ultra-sensitive. It goes both ways. Otherwise, where's this so-called "freedom"?   Perhaps those ultra-conservatives should just buy the next escalator space to put their own ad. And see if Cathay allows.
This where we alwAys said Singapore Number One... but in fact still long long way catching up. Everyone deserved his or her freedom to talk, enjoy do what  they do, loved n be loved! Live your own  life n they lived their own life! Nobody own one another living!
"Supporting freedom to love" This kind of "LOVE" ah. Okay!  Put up that banner for "INCEST" & "BESTIALITY"  That's also "freedom" to "love"   Whoever disagrees, it's clearly a hypocrite.
Its ok if both are born with, however its wrong if you try to convert people that are born without to one. Especially people who are heart broke or scarred.
Seriously ? The phrase freedom to love? Can change to freedom to hold hands ? Or Freedom to kiss ? Freedom to have soul mate?  Don't fight. Some people just afraid world will end. Must sacrifice something into the volcano.
If you truly believe in "freedom to love", you will  just live your life the way you want, without stuffing your sexual preferences down the general public's throats. if the LGBT community think it is their business whatever they do with their love life, don't hog the pink colour, the rainbow colours and call yourselves "gay", as though the straight people are sad and pathetic. And labelling people who may not accept your life style as backward. LGBT people will have the respect and freedom to live the way they want, only if they stop showing their arrogance.
I don't even understand why we need to look at this any different to any other love.  Be who you are!    That's all you can be.
Please sign this petition to demand for an explanation from ASAS regarding the Pink Dot advertisement https://www.gopetition.com/petitions/demand-for-explanation-from-advertising-standards-authority-of-singapore-with-regards-to-pink-dot-advertisement.html?sh=RRayxkx%2F%2FYVcimtdzed+cxI59U+ICMCUi8iQLZhzzdw4bP0%3D
Is anyone stopping them from loving someone ?  Who is stopping them ?
Singapore is still 3rd world no matter how advanced we are technologically
Seriously, I don't see anything wrong with ad banner, Singapore supposed to be open modern society please do not go backwards!
Trauma in a person childhood can lead to homersexuality. Not having a healthy relationship with the parents. Divorce , adoption. Victims of sexual abuse.
Yea please remove it. Few friends of mine turned Gay after they saw that ad. It's crazy, it's more worse than SARS or the Black Plague........
It is not discriminating this group. It is not to promote and start Influencing others to think in your way.
Does 'love' has only one meaning referring to that between a male and female?
Therefore, in Singapore, freedom to love is unsupported.  #sad
That means you can't even wear pink in public areas because it will remind people of being a gay.
ASAS is wrong to publicize and stir uncalled public sensitivities. Most Singaporeans are neutral or supportive.
as long as LGBT community be discreet in their affection,  I don't really care about them.  But I will respond if they are trying to be part of normal society.
Seems like the Authority would prefer to support the freedom to hate
I seriously wonder do these same people who oppose the banner agree with some countries that banned Christmas celebration or Christmas decorations, claiming that these will lead the population wanting to convert to Christianity? Do they even realised how absurd that sound??!!
It is a very positive message. Only the sensibilities of the bigots are affected. We are not. About time our SINGAPORE embrace and include all and leave no one behind in our Nation Building.
Funny, as people are supposed to be more informed, many have much more narrow views
2017 but the people in charge are still decades behind...
Lol.. Maybe they rather have a slogan,  TO LOVE.  no need freedom lor...
I wonder marrying someone who u don like n dont have sex forever is worst or marry someone u like better? 🙊
This is what this is all about defiance, illegality and imposing on others. Peaceful people...????
I think it only happened when you say its sensitive, otherwise I don't it matter much....
Can fine Cathay.org to refuse to obey orders to remove offensive phrase..n passing the buck..
Making frivolous trivial idiotic police reports abuse public resources and negative influence public sensitivities...
Uniquely or backward whatever you choose to call it .. Could it be that such statement can brainwash anyone can convert them to gay ... ?
Freedom to love...   Dangerous phrase  Where will it stop..
Again. If anyone think the singapore govt is against gay people. Think again.They could have prosecute same gender sex but they didn't. They could have ban gay dating apps but they didn't. They banned Ashley Madison. They could have ban gay bars, pubs and saunas but they didn't. They could have banned Pink Dot. But they didn't.  For this matter.Just find out how that violate the guidelines and then craft an approriate one. If they make use of this incident and play victim. Then its not doing any lgbt people any favours, as it cast lgbt people as whiners.
We are not a free country. How different are we from NK and their propaganda
Should fine CX. It is intentional to place that adv. The bloodly whites is trying to promote disunity. Hell to  CX.
The human race will extinct if everyone become gay&Les.
You are free to love, as long as it is between a boy and a girl. Long live Section 377A!
After walking into Cineleisure, thousands of innocent Singaporeans have turned gay and started going for plays and artsy-fartsy art shows!!! They have also suddenly developed an impeccable eye for interior decorating!!!  THIS MUST BE STOPPED!!!   /sarcasm
You don't advertise you are homosexual or lesbian...Why let the whole Singapore know..Want to do,do it discreetly...Singapore is still a conservative society.
Being narrow minded is one thing but being plain stupid is another.
Omg ... I seriously wonder how many straights have turned to become GAY after attending Amei Concert last night ....   Best of all .... have to Pay to become GAY. lol
Kudos to the authority for maintaining the status quo. Those not happy should just migrate to Taiwan!!!
I am disappointed that they did not feature photos of lesbians ....
And here comes the censorship to discriminate against LGBTQ citizens. Shame on you, Singapore! Shame!
Like if this is the first time you have ever heard of ASAS.
Why? U take that escalator and u turn into GAY????
These people should just live in a cave
A first world country with a third world mindset
It's the use of the word 'freedom' that offends?
There is nothing wrong in the freedom to love.
First world country; Third world mindset.
Should ban the ad totally!
Next they'll be throwing same sex couples off roof tops...what's wrong with freedom & love? Is Sing a loveless city?
We r being downgraded  to 4th world status 😂
Well that escalated quickly
Yes pls remove!
What is this authority...
It is not "it may..." but It is.
This watchdog is a moody pussy 😂
Rahim Abdullah ko dah buat report lom hahahah
LOL! ban the event as well
👍🏻👍🏻Stop promoting LGBT lifestyles.
Like is also can't .
just let them be la.
BS
so passionate to fight for the right to butt sex between two grown men.
I wonder which minister will comment now
good move
"Advertising dogwatch"
so they dont support the freedom to love?
Cathay can advertise in HK. It's 2 system, 1 country after all. 😉
Homophobia is strong in SG
I suppose there is no equality here in Singapore...
Yeah..that's the way to go....Singapore Government.
Leonard Lee No freedom haha
The government are exagerated for their reactions
Yup...
Stupidity in its best way.
Simply sad.
Typical Stinkabore, what a joke
The ad is an eyesore
-- Richard Cohen: [quote] "It's cheap science...cheap education. We owe our children the truth about same sex attractions." Watch video ["It's Not Gay" from 27:00] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xrviw8nu7gQ
Hoàng Mai Winnie
Tej Singh
Jonathan KwokShane LoiMelissa Wong SCAP?
Or freedom to love is unsupported.
Or freedom to love is unsupported.
Or freedom to love is unsupported.
Honey Khanum
Chris Kelly
Nathan Hartono
You too Singapore?! I thought only in Malaysia...😂😂😂
#TaiwanIsBetter #SingSoOutOfTouch
Why is the Advertising Standards Authority of Singapore siding with these extremists? http://www.asiaone.com/singapore/bryan-lim-charged-threatening-open-fire-lgbt-community-singapore
What a disappointment. Singapore still has a long way to go and progress. Still too many close minded people around. What makes loving the opposite sex more "right" and "just" as compared to loving the same sex? I urge as many Singaporeans as possible to stand up for this cause come July 1. Even our first Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew has publicly stated that homosexuality is not a choice and not a lifestyle, one is born with it. And yet in SG so many are still discriminating against them. Horrible.
I applaud Pink Dot and Cathay for standing firm on their decision. I especially enjoy reading Pink dot's response - let's dialogue. And throw the ball into ASAS's court. Now ASAS has to scramble for a reply. Delay tactic! By the time  conversations take place and PD is "forced" to take down the ad, 1 July has come and it is time to take down the ad anyway. Lol.
Absolutely ridiculous!   If they did not violate anything... then what is the problem!   If the ASAS is listening to this minority who are complaining... something is wrong . Also if this group is complaining based on religion then i question the secularity of this authority.   Pls lah . Can we grow as a society?! People have their own choices to make!!!!!
Might as well ban all violence shows as it promote violence. and ban handphone as it is shown to have reduce physical communications among family members at home.
What in the world is wrong with supporting the freedom to love? Why so insecure and judgemental. Get out of the box and let people live as they wish.
This is rediculous and makes the ASAS look equally rediculous. I have already emailed the prime minister and minister for home affairs on this issue. The fact that section 10.1 of family values was quoted as rational for this decision clearly shows that the ASAS's application is inherently flawed. And that the person is a member of a religious organization that is known to be anti-gay i'm assured has nothing to do with this stupid decision.
Stop shoving your sick idea to the mass and pushing the boundary. You already have your say with annual Pink Dot, accepted and employed by the public and private sectors for many many years. Can you just respect the majority's views for once and stop this revolting propaganda tactics?   You want people to respect your 'freedom to love' so who is actively stopping you from loving your same gender lover? And have you shown enough respect to most who doesn't share your same taste?   Have your say at the event, don't need to blow your trumpet and beat up the drums for it.   Go do what u like in your very own privacy.
If the phrase "supporting the freedom to love" can offend someone, makes me wonder what doesn't offend anyone anymore.
Yeah, ASAS should also get the authorities to remove all those banners of certain houses of worship placed in the clear view of the public advertising the unnatural love of an invisible being.
Aiyo, if (some) people are so offended by the Pink Dot ad, just pool money, buy the next escalator ad and call it Supporting The Freedom To Bigot, la.   I'm sure Lawrence Khong will model for free. 🙄
I can't believe how some people can hate a specific group of people just because they are different.  Whatever happened to be an inclusive society and embracing all our differences?  How can we progress as a society when certain people are so steeped in their hatred and so determined to fragment our society?  Please love and not hate!!!
Love is UNIVERSAL. PERIOD. When did love become so exclusive that some people can now dictate who others can or cannot love?  I'm glad that Cathay stood firm to its values, and Pink Dot has taken a more collaborative approach in attempting to engage in meaningful discussion. Nevertheless, I do not agree to any amendment to change the tagline because 'Supporting the freedom to love' is the right of all human beings.
Full of crappy stuff nowadays. Why waste money on such advertisements in the first place ?There are more important issues which we should be concerned about.
If only more could support an all-inclusive society where there is a place for everyone to call home. If only more could embrace the values of equality where one can live and love freely. That's supporting the freedom to love in short, nothing wrong with that imo.
We can make the days of our lives more happier when we give people a little bit of our heart rather than a little of our mind.You need to worry about loving yourself instead of loving the idea of other people loving you.
LGBTQ+ liberation is a necessary condition for liberation of the masses as a whole. Aren't watchdogs meant to protect the interests of the people? 🤔 Instead they serve as running dogs of the capitalist state apparatus, creating the illusion of "independent voices" but in reality acting as amplifiers for the bourgeois capitalist class. I'm certain there are far better things they could be using their time for; what about ads that perpetuate unhealthy beauty standards or ads that encourage mindless consumerism? If they were truly on the side of the people, they would raise issues that actually affect the masses and solve the problems that create the material conditions of oppression of the masses. Oh but I forget, we live in a dictatorship of the bourgeoisie who will do anything and everything to divert attention away from their ruthless exploitation of the working class... 🙄🙄
What is this Pink Dot trying to do - promoting freedom of love or promoting to love same sex ? Although I'm not against same sex couple but definitely I'm against promoting to love same sex! I hope Pink Dot should be kind enough not to send the wrong message to all our kids whom are straight!!!!
If you seriously think just staring at a poster for two seconds or more is going to suddenly change someone's gender perferance then obviously your either dumber than a brick or got some screws in your head lose.    Pushing in it their faces? More like just advertising for an event,  like all events do. Pushing it in people's faces would be more along the lines of going around saying being LGBT is the only right and correct way. All they want is the right to love with out people bashing them for it or condeming them.
All that publicity... Man... Either someone at pinkdot is a marketing guru/double-agent or the poor dude that launched the complain is thinking what the heck?! Its exactlyvthe opposite of my intention... Hahahah noob.. Got played like a fiddle.
The gay agenda seems harmless but it results in today America where Christian bakers are being thrown to court for refusing to bake a cake for a gay wedding. The ultimate aim of this campaign is supporting the freedom of one group to "love" at the expense of another group's freedom. There cannot be true freedom for ALL without someone's freedom to be compromised.
ASAS response is right. Pushing to hard (again)?? What Pink Dot is suggesting is that everyday "soo many" are being denied being able to "Love" which in Pink Dot's context is homosexual love. Is this the reality? Are "hundreds" being jailed for their homosexuality? push too hard (no pun intended) and you know what? Things will break or push back. State the event details - fine- but imply that "freedoms" are being denied ? Not reality.
Streisand effect! By requiring the removal of that tag line. Thousands more people would know about the event, the ads and the ridiculous restrictions
So sick of hearing about LGBT, non-gender specific people, gender-neutral people and the JPCs (Just Plain Confused) who don't know which bathroom to use. The level of self-indulgence and narcissism that wracks society today is sickening.
Pink Dot .....if your organisation is sincerely trying to help and protect the LGBT group, then your banner should instead say 'Stop prejudices against LGBT!' ......but instead you are trying to promote some hidden agenda ! ASAS certainly did the right thing to stop this group from promoting  homo-sex!
For this topic it's a straight Yes or No to support this movement. Personally, I'm definitely No to this, sorry. Please keep these to Americans ya? And keep the guns there too, we don't need them here. Thank you.
what an Asass! let them be, they will not harm you or anybody,,you need love, they need love too,,right? ..dimwit..💝💖💘💞💕💛💚💙💜❣️
if not everyone is smoker...do you tell everyone to inhale smoke and love it....respect the masses...its not that the smokers cannot smoke but there are spaces and everyone should respect that...
Freedom to love. Sure. Do it within your close doors. We will still respect you. Propagate it and it will become a problem in our society cos you will find many segments of society pushing back and in the end it will not help you.
Impose ban then & pass the law as it's illegal........stupid idiots! Solve the bloody problem......."does not technically breach the principle of general family values......." is rubbish.  不三不四。。。。。。si cheng hu! Mo lan yong!
Lets just face it. Singaporeans are all small and close minded people. I have alrd given up tryna make them think that homosexuality is okay, and love is equal, blah blah all that, but no one listens, and i'm so sick of repeating myself to all those ignorant little pieces of... URGH.
What's wrong with the tag freedom to love? It's just like saying McDonald's/KfC - supporting the freedom to eat! That's the nature of the event itself! Don't act nice and not ban the event yet stir conflicts between homosexuals and heterosexuals and expect both to vote for you, when you tax so much and serve us like s***! You're just making life painful for both groups! It's the mall's choice! We are fine with that! Your family values about f***ing in cramped space and unexpected pregnancy to claim your meager baby bonus because that's where you think we're supposed to live!
Funny how our pledge promised equality blah blah blah but it's actually selected kind of equality. Super out of touch Singapore
It is NOT prejudices against LGBT that pinkdot is trying to stop as it would have many of its supporters believe but rather freedom to screw each other's backside!
THE BANNER is trying to hide the fact that it is FREEDOM OF HOMO SEX they are trying to prescribe! So dont be a stupid ass to believe they are promoting love! If the banner had instead say 'Stop prejudices against LGBT!' Nobody would have complained but instead they are promoting their own hideous agenda of freedom of screwing each other's backside!
Does this banner have some kind of brainwashing​ power that turn people to gay just by reading it ?
just respect local laws and regulations, no one is asking for anything other than that
what wrong with supporting the freedom to love?  nothing to pick , so any how use thing to pick i think
I won't support this. I also don't support legalize LBGT marriage.
So many homophobes in 'modern' Singapore...sounds more like still in Raffless's Singapore.
They are right, it's false advertising. In Singapore, there's no freedom to love. If there was, we would be allowed to love anyone from any gender
Again. If anyone think the singapore govt is against gay people. Think again.They could have prosecute same gender sex but they didn't. They could have ban gay dating apps but they didn't. They banned Ashley Madison. They could have ban gay bars, pubs and saunas but they didn't. They could have banned Pink Dot. But they didn't.  For this matter.Just find out how that violate the guidelines and then craft an approriate one. If they want to make use of this incident and play victim. Then its not doing any lgbt people any favours, as it cast lgbt people as whiners.
Singapore ... it's 2017!!! Wake up!!! Too many bible bashers around.... brainwashed... churches are great businesses...! Wake up!!!
You should have Mardi Gras in Singapore like Grand Prix it's great tourism 👌👍
It is not discriminating this group. It is not to promote and start Influencing others to think in your way.
Funny how stupid narrow minded people are threatened by harmless words
Folks...It is 2017. Why are we still having this discussion?
Asas, please explain why "supporting the freedom to love" is not acceptable by your standard?!?
I cant believe theres people who are easily triggered just by this😑
That's messed up man. It's already 2017 guys. Wake up from your fear and hate.
This isnt representative of the views of singaporeans as a whole... its just a bunch of backward phillistines
People hve the own life. Let them hve the life .why  complain sooooo manything.... let them hve the own freedom to love....
Who is sensitive now? Member of the public, or just Asas?
Who are they to judge and dictate what should or shouldnt.? Why dont they listen to people that commented on this post instead !!!
haha, all this controversy has given the AD more exposure.
They have a problem with this, but the Safra ad asking members to hit the gym to leer at women passed with no problems.
y? does tat mean even love we oso cant choose? even love u oso wana control? omg...
What the sh*t is this??! What kind of message is ASAS trying to spread?! That there is no freedom in love?! How absolutely disgusting!!
Alternatively, all they need is to add in We support the "Freedom to Love & Section 377A of the Penal Code" hahaha
So should we instead support Freedom to Wars as Love is too seditious?
Supporting the freedom to love ends up with so many parties spewing hatred on one another :(
Vivian Liew The amount of stupidity in the comments section...
Hmmmmm.. Actually, should let nature takes it's course.. Shouldn't ban this or that.. Be flexible towards all stuffs.. Happy ending.. 😁
What on earth bunch of old aunties.... It's beyond out of touch.
Utter rubbish! What's wrong with supporting freedom to love?
The guy in came up with the idea must be a member too?
1 Jul is Armed Forces Day where real men and women fight for the freedom of this country. I guess the real men and women are attending parades and gatherings and  feeling proud of their country and what they do to support TOTAL DEFENCE. Meanwhile in a tiny patch of grass, a movement is trying to do its utmost to change the status quo and the way this country was built.
Shhhh. Dont point commenting? Just love whoever u wanna love peeps.
OMG I DIDN'T KNOW THE WORDS FREEDOM AND LOVE CANNOT BE PUT IN THE SAME SENTENCE.
Isnt promoting something illegal, illegal? freedom of speech notwithstanding
As expected of Singaporeans when it comes to pink dot issues: first thing is to blame the church. The truth is that no religion is the oppressor of LGBTs. It is capitalism and the top 1% that oppresses all minorities, whether it's race, sexual orientation, gender, gender expression, body type, or abilities. Their aim is to use religion as the scapegoat, just like how PRCs are always scapegoated for everything bad happening in places like HK and Japan.
A hidden subject in question by the authority ? What about [ To Singapore We Love ] ?
Huh? What's wrong with freedom to love?
ASAS quit being an ASS
Remove it, the whole thing why dont ya
Families aren't allowed to love?
Sungguh tak berASAS.
1st world status with 3rd mindset. Disappointing!! ☹
I support Cathay ... ASA is a joke
meanwhile Taiwan legalises gay marriage
Love is for everyone
Everyone too kaypoh. Both side.
Support the authorities on this.
Some people are naturally have different  sexual orientation
Singapore needs to join the 21st century.
Now who is the Asas-hole?
Just add a "Not" in front cheaper...
some ppl, eat finish got nothing else better to do #hypocrites
Is anyone stopping them from loving someone of the same sex ?
Singapore = 1st world country 3rd world stone age mentality
How about a new tag line " we love you. "?
Of course not, this is Singapore!
Well done Cathay!
More publicity now.
Alot off typical people here..
Stifling nanny state 👎
I can't say I love ABC? What is wrong?
Prude
True
love among same sex?
Yes. Cathay Don't cb.
What's wrong with this?? Can't understand some ppl
In the long-run, the movement seeks to usurp parental rights and religious rights that do not have the same view as them. It is already happening. Wake up Singapore!  http://www1.cbn.com/cbnnews/world/2017/june/ontario-says-lgbt-rights-overrule-rights-of-christian-parents  http://www.christianpost.com/news/pro-lgbt-group-wants-southern-baptists-to-remove-homosexuality-transgenderism-from-sin-list-187030/#gMViFQY39toHFKYq.99
-- Richard Cohen: [quote] "It's cheap science...cheap education.  We owe our children the truth about same sex attractions."  Watch video:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xrviw8nu7gQ

